Once upon a time, there was a boy named Tim. He just turned 17 a week ago and was practicing for 
his road test to get a driver's licence. He practiced driving with his dad everyday. He drove everywhere
around the city. Then he learned to drive in the highway. When the day of his road test came, he got 
very nervous. Fortunatly, he was able to pass the test and drive by him self from now.
An almost utopian world formed around him as he drove. For the next 30 years of his life, he was
somehow able to not get into any accidents, or get any tickets from law enforcement. However, on the
fateful day of February 30th, 2050, things started to change for the worse. Through all his years
driving, he'd only heard fables about a legendary shiny lamp. This lamp, the legends told, was able
to give you endless good fortune, and even has the power to grant you one wish. As stories went, the
year 2050 is the year of the start of Lampenschrein, a sinful apocalypse about to unfold.

It was February 31st. The Lampenschrein has just started. A serious event indeed, and yet our hero
is sitting at a computer, doing his CS400 Git assignment, trying to figure out how to push his own
changes to his X-Team's repository. Oh, how many seconds he's spent toiling away at such an unforgiving task! 

Then later that day after finishing his Git assignment, Tim had been cleaning out his attic and was looking through
his great grandfather's old stuff when he discovered something mysterious. He found a big shiny lamp. But this lamp
wasn't just any lamp, it was the SHINIEST lamp he had ever seen. When he tried rubbing it to wipe the dust off. A
genie appeared from the lamp informing him that he had one and only one wish.
 
Tim thought for a while, and suddenly he thought of using the recursive method learned in CS400. 
Tim told Genie that his wish is fulfill him two wishes. Genie was shocked, and he felt that 
Tim was the smartest guy he had met in thousands of years. In the end, Tim gained infinite wishes, but 
he did not squander them. Instead, Tim used those wishes to help those in need. 

The first person he helped was his dad, who wanted a brand new phone. His wish was granted and his dad was very happy.
Few days later, everyone in his city found out about the genie. Thousands of people came to Tim house to get their wish come true.
Tim was very happy to see his friends and family so happy. Tim got an award for being the nicest and best person in the city.
Soon, people from around the world started to come to Tim's house. Tim decided to make this his buissness, where he grants everyone wishs.
For just $5, anyone can get their wish granted in Tim's company. Everyone was very happy and lived happily ever after.

